---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 Progress in Programming Report
date: 2021-11-23
labels: 
    - Reflection 
    - Progress
---
<b>My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:<br></b>
I think the most useful resource was class recordings. It was helpful for me for whenever  I missed class, some part of the class or even a fraction of a material.
Still, I believe I need to catch up many parts of the class in order to complete Assignment 2. It is for sure not a class that I can easily take. I need to contribute my part to learn most of it.
Asking questions to professor was very helpful. I don't think I could have finished if I haven't asked help to professor.

<b>I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:<br></b>
Sometimes I don't think I fully understand. For the most part of Assignment 1 I copied codes from elsewhere. I am not sure if I was able to do it without getting help from other sources. 

<b>I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:</b><br>
It was hard to comprehend what the instruction wanted. Just after watching the screencast I was able to understand what I needed to do.
But it is true that I learned a lot from doing WODs.

<b>The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:<br></b>
Absolutely. I don't think I could do it unless we worked on other labs.

<b>I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:<br></b>
I am not ready to do Assignment 2 but I gotta do it. I need to try it out and see what I have problems with.

<b>I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:<br></b>
When we skip some parts of the lab in class, it is hard to guess and solve on my own. I am not sure if it is only my problem. Other students always looked so fine. I wonder how actually they felt, and did go through to solve it.

<b>What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):<br></b>
I am glad that this class was online and so professor was able to provide the class recordings. I can't even imagine if there were no class recordings. 
Lastly, one on one sessions were the most helpful. I recommend to all other future students to raiser their questions.
