---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2
date: 2021-12-13
labels: 
    - Reflection 
    - Progress
---


1) Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
I had to develop a login page and registering process for Assignment 2. I was able to update my codes but it took awhile to fix all the errors! clients needed to login to purchase. 

2) What did you learn from this assignment?

clients' login data is stored and had a connection to its items purchased.I was confused about params get and has but now it's more clear.

3) Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).

I did not work with a partner.

4) How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?

I emailed the professor to start up. He helped me fix all the errors I got from invoice page. Also, I looked up on youtube how to debug. But the best way of learning was to raise my question to the professor.

5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?

I did not feel that Assignment 2 was easier than assignment 1.  I felt just same difficult level. but for sure I had to have an operating Assignment 1 in order to develop assignment2. I never thought about working in a group or with a partner. I wonder how it would be different. 

6) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging

(a) 20%
(b) 30%
(c) 70%

7) Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?

Finding out "why" part was not very smooth. Sometimes eventhough I read errors on console, I was not able to fix on my own. I started understanding more. when I copy or borrow a code, I make sure that is compatible with my codes. and edit it.

8) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?

I wish I did contribute more time during the semester. Once I felt behind, it was very hard to catch up. It definitely needs more time outside the class to learn.
