---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
date: 2021-12-14
labels: 
    - Reflection 
    - Progress
---

  
  <b>1. Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)<br></b>
I made an website of a store selling Korean Appliances. My store has Kitchen, Laundry, Tvs, and other appliances.<br><br>

<b>2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?<br></b>
The cart that my clients see is the same as their invoice. When they log in they can see their names appearing on top of the cart(invoice) page.
From the products_display page, my clients cannot see how many items they have in their cart. The clients will be logged out automatically.<br><br>

<b>3. Describe what you are most proud of about your system:<br></b>
Finally it was my last assignment! woot woot! I think it was hard and painful for me and professor since I asked so much. but yeah I am glad I made it and professor was always there to help me. I wish I had more resource when I am stuck. I could only refer to him when I was stuck which means, my issues are not solved right away. I thought making a web page was impossible to me, but I am proud of myself that somehow , something was up there. Learning coding language is not easy, and just like other languages, it takes time and effort.<br><br>

<b>4. Describe what you are least happy with your system:<br></b>
My system is not looking very nice. I saw other classmates ones which look very cute, but I was not able to improve more than this! haha.<br><br>

<b>5. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?<br></b>
I feel like, I fix one thing, the other thing did not work. Maybe this is my problem, but yeah it was hard to fix. It took a lot of my time.<br><br>

<b>6. When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?<br></b>
I put into my effort, look up on Google, look at other classmates work, try and EMAIL PROFESSOR.<br><br>

<b>7. Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?<br></b>
I saw my patience improving. but I can not tell if my coding skills improved too. I hope so.<br><br>

<b>8. Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?<br></b>
It might sound like an excuse, but I started internship this semester, and had my personal plans self-renovating my place, moving, and be a good wife which kept me busy and not able to focus on classes. At some point I fell behind and I felt impossible to catch up. I wish I had my moving plan during winter break so I could have had some more time to dedicate on my study and have a rest too. I am bein honest, this semester, it was crazy for me.<br><br>

<b>9. What did you learn from doing this assignment?<br></b>
Do not take for granted this class. I need to study before and after class. Do not skip classes. focus on class lecture. When I don't understand, ask professor.<br><br>

<b>10. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?<br></b>
To move during winter break when I don't have anything to study. That was really hard because  of packing and unpacking, renovating, having workers at home is not easy to focus on because they wanted to talk to me so often. <br><br>

<b>11. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging<br></b>
a) 20%, b) 40%, c) 40%<br><br>
<b>12. Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)<br></b>
I worked on my own.
